Add IAM policy permissions to s3 tech docs docs (#5359)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/techdocs/using-cloud-storage.md

      bucketName: 'name-of-techdocs-storage-bucket'
```

> **3. Create minimal AWS IAM policies to manage tech docs**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**3. Create minimal AWS IAM policies to manage TechDocs**
```

Author: Thanks!

> To _write_ tech docs into the S3 bucket the IAM policy needs to have at a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To _write_ TechDocs into the S3 bucket the IAM policy needs to have at a
```

minimum permissions to:

- `s3:ListBucket` to retrieve bucket metadata
- `s3:PutObject` to upload files to the bucket

> To _read_ tech docs from the S3 bucket the IAM policy needs to have at a minimum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To _read_ TechDocs from the S3 bucket the IAM policy needs to have at a minimum
```
